pages/dev-challenge/100-days-challenge/1st-day.mdx, before:

# 1st Day - 18 December 2023

## Goals

- Have Portfolio Project.
- Fast Coding interview.
- Organized Notes/Assets.
- Minimal daily basis tools.
- More fluent in English.

## Objectives

This project is will be said to be successful if
- Completed 3 projects.
- Completed Top 150 Interview in [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/studyplan/top-interview-150/).
- Organizing Notes/Asset in Discord - OneDrive - Github

## What am I doing

### Creating a plan for 100 Days challenge

For the initial plan, I will focus on the following topics:
- 1 day of planning, which is today.
- 30 days of doing a project.
- 3 days of cleaning up docs, code and workspaces.
- 30 days is learning in online courses, such as [codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/) and [freecodecamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)
- 20 days is learning algorithm, software engineering, best practice and much more.
- 7 days is wrapping up everything.
- 1 day is planning for next project.
- 8 Days extra time - used if not quite enough to finish what should be done.

### Creating an article or challenges log for almost daily update

Why the hell should I doing this? 
Because as the above goals, I want to be a more fluent in english. 
although in this project I would me pairing with my `so called` assistance `Xavier`.
`Xavier` is an Assistant AI created by me using [OpenAI](https://openai.com/) api.

Commit message:

refactor(dc-1st-day): add project manager tools to docs

pages/dev-challenge/100-days-challenge/1st-day.mdx, after:

# 1st Day - 18 December 2023

## Goals

- Have Portfolio Project.
- Fast Coding interview.
- Organized Notes/Assets.
- Minimal daily basis tools.
- More fluent in English.

## Objectives

This project is will be said to be successful if
- Completed 3 projects.
- Completed Top 150 Interview in [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/studyplan/top-interview-150/).
- Organizing Notes/Asset in Discord - OneDrive - Github

## What am I doing

### Creating a plan for 100 Days challenge

For the initial plan, I will focus on the following schema:
- 1 day of planning, which is today.
- 30 days of doing a project.
- 3 days of cleaning up docs, code and workspaces.
- 30 days is learning in online courses, such as [codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/) and [freecodecamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/)
- 20 days is learning algorithm, software engineering, best practice and much more.
- 7 days is wrapping up everything.
- 1 day is planning for next project.
- 8 Days extra time - used if not quite enough to finish what should be done.
- using [click up](https://clickup.com/) to manage the project.

### Creating an article or challenges log for almost daily update

Why the hell should I doing this? 
Because as the above goals, I want to be a more fluent in english. 
although in this project I would me pairing with my `so called` assistance `Xavier`.
`Xavier` is an Assistant AI created by me using [OpenAI](https://openai.com/) api.
